casaba          cabasa.wav
hi-hat          chh.wav
hi-hat-long     chhl.wav
hi-hat-short    chhs.wav
clap            clap.wav
conga           conga.wav
conga-high      congah.wav
conga-vhigh     congahh.wav
conga-low       congal.wav
conga-vlow      congall.wav
conga-vvlow     congalll.wav
cowbell         cowb.wav
crash           crash.wav
kick            kick.wav
kick-low        kickme.wav
ride            ride.wav
snare           sd.wav
snare-high      sdh.wav
snare-low       sdl.wav
sidestick       sst.wav
sidestick-high  ssth.wav
sidestick-low   sstl.wav
tambourine      tamb.wav
tom             tom.wav
tom-high        tomh.wav
tom-vhigh       tomhh.wav
tom-low         toml.wav
sine            [internal sound]
